Site Name: Pakistan - Sindh - Karachi
Posted Date: Nov 6 2020

Job Purpose

To Manage institutional sales and entire business operation across the zone, lead and Coordinate institutional business activities (Tenders / rate running contracts / Inspections / Order processing / Supplies / prequalification / pack management and allied processes) on zone level basis with the support of Institutional team Members, external Business Channel partners as well as all GSK's internal departments like Demand Function, GMS Supply Head & Site Directors, OQ Managers, Finance, W&D, Sales Operation and Marketing. explore opportunities and new business avenues for future sales growth. To manage institutional Sales team and ensure continues improvement. To hold important negotiation meetings with the tender committee / authorities to achieve significant business goals.

Eligibility Criteria For field force (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply with below KPIs:
Average Knowledge Score: >=95%
CDF: >=90%
Eff. Calls: >=90%%
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong business planning & execution
Experience of Key Account Management & Managing government officials interactions would be an added advantage

Eligibility Criteria For Headoffice staff (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong commercial delivery, business planning & customer facing experience
Strong Understanding of Key Account Management & interaction with government officials

Candidate should demonstrate the below skillset and capabilities for short listing (Internal & External)
Minimum graduate in sciences, preference to MBA
Having strong verbal and written communication skills to manage external tender authorities and internal stakeholders
Demonstrates resilience, persuasiveness and solution oriented approach to manage obstacles and challenges
Demonstrates a high delivery against GSK values, expectations and behaviors

Key Responsibilities

Responsible for overseeing the Institutional Sales Management process and institutional Sales team, defining departmental strategies required for appropriate actions.

Manage Institutional Sales Activities Which Includes
Participation in Tenders,
Prequalification of GSK in Institutions wherever applicable,
Customer Specific Packs,
Bulk stocks arrangements,
Inspections of Defense Supplies,
Order processing,
Customer services,
Interface with sales, demand, W&D, production, regulatory, and operational quality ensuring customer service creates competitive advantage in Business including resolution of critical customer issues.
Payment follow ups
Responsible for managing timely participation in all tenders/rate running contracts (applicable to GSK business policy) floated by Institutions. For this manage & direct the Institution Team Members & Distributors for close liaison with concern authorities to get timely input on coming business opportunities.
Manage data required for price calculation against tenders, preparation of price proposals its onward discussion with finance for evaluation and getting their inputs so that its further approval from pricing committee can be done on timely basis.
In liaison with finance, manage performance securities to be submitted with tenders and keep track through respective team members & distributors.
Responsible to manage and coordinate with Demand Function, respective Head of Logistics and Operational Quality to get their agreement to meet the supply timelines in relevance to bulk tenders.
Liaison with GMS / QC / Regulatory / Legal for filing application to renew GSK's status as approved vendor with Govt / Defense Institutions.
To coordinate with departments for smooth inspection if required by officials.
To manage timely submission of all required documents & renewal fees as per govt law.

Customer Specific Packs
Coordination with Customer, channel Partner and HO to manage customer specific Artwork and pack development through Creative Service by generating PRF.

Bulk Stocks management
To manage availability of medicines against bulk orders on timely basis.
Timely communication of the requirement to Head office.

Inspections of Stocks
Responsible to manage timely availability of stocks at FGWH from GMS.
Manage to get all technical documents from GMS/Procurement/Finance necessary for product inspection.
Important aspect as documents keeps on changing for every inspection.
Management for stock availability intimation to authorities.
Smooth scheduling of inspection by government authorized officials (Defense Forces Inspectors / FDI).
To manage & coordinate for timely onward submission of product samples to relevant Drug Testing Laboratory.
Coordinate with Departmental head through Institutional team members & distributors for smooth and timely testing of our samples.
After sample clearance, to get the stock release for supplies.

Order Processing
To supervise and ensure that all orders received are duly verified by Institutional team
members.
With the support of our team members and business partners ensure that orders are
collected and submitted on timely basis with all formalities completed.
Supervise the order updating in system.
To manage its release through finance.
To manage system updating for price accuracy through IBC/Finance.
Responsible to rectify any rate difference in SOT through IBC/Finance/IT.
To manage and coordinate with all GSK warehouses on regular basis.
Ensure that processed orders are executed through warehouses.
In case of stamping requirements, coordinate with W&D/Connect to for product defacing/printing of the required text agreed by the customer.
Customer Services
Manage to provide best services to our clients & business partners in terms of their
queries for which had to meet different internal departments like. Head of OQ, Site
Heads, Logistic Heads, marketing, legal, finance, procurement etc.
Responsible to manage customers query regarding execution of their demands, in
which timely Liaison with finance and CP’s so that orders would be processed and released without delay.
Liaison b/w warehouses so that stocks would be delivered to respective distributors in case of indirect business, direct delivery to the concerned institution in case of direct and big business supplies.
To monitor stocks and coordinate with Sales Operation Team for its transfer when
needed.
Responsible for yearly review of Customer Master and update in liaison with team members, distributors, line manager and get it implemented in JDE system for future business

Distributor’s Claims
Manage claims of different nature (pertaining to Institutional Business).
Manage that customers / distributors claims received at GSK should be properly verified by respective Institutional Team Member / duly supported with justification.
Gathering of claims and its onward approvals from Department Manager.
Maintain proper tracking of the claims.
Responsible and manage to coordinate with Finance in case of any business related
query.

Institutional Sales Monitoring & Team Coaching.
To lead the institutional Sales Team to deliver the best results and growth.
Monthly coaching calls with each team member on monthly basis to enhance the capability and deliver business results.
Manage the sales trend and being the team player keep Institutional Team Members
moving to facilitate their Institutions.
Liaison and communicate with distribution, customers, distributors and field colleagues for the accomplishment of the mutual business targets
Monitoring of sales.
Manage and keep Institutional Team and W&D updated on fortnightly basis regarding
sales processing and solution for the queries.
Manage sales data on monthly basis and its sharing with Institutional Team Members & Line Manager/Head of institution & Tender Business.
To share inputs and coordinate with sales team and business partners in the guidelines provided by Head of institution & tender business.
To get all payments cleared from institutional customers with the support of team
members and distributors and reduce the overdues.

Enterprise My Tender System/Veeva CRM
To Manage, coordinate and support Institutional business planning necessary for smooth business running in efficient manner with the defined protocols.
Ensure the implementation and compliance with established company policies, procedures and controls in tenders, pre-qualifications, Inspections, order processing, payment follow ups.
Develop, maintain and further strengthen business relations with important customers of Key Accounts, GSK Channel Partners, and all relevant authorities at Govt./Semi-Govt/Private hospitals and institutions in the best interest of company's business.
KPI implementation and ensure 100% alignment with compliance / Ensure Third Part Oversight TPO requirement and process for all institutional Channel with coordination of Manager process excellence & risk management.

Contact Information

You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.Your Task & Responsibilities
Plans how to develop and manage major account relationships and meet personal sales targets within the full line of products or combination of products.
Manage and builds strong relationships over time that allow for continuity and ongoing representation reinforced by sales support/delivery programs, and communications to other relevant organizational functions.
Collaborates with other key account managers and field sales management team, in development of sales strategies for national accounts in each area and also ensures excellence in operations execution.
Monitors competitive activity in each account and ensures that appropriate responsestrategies are formulated and communicated. Maintains and grows relationships with designated customers, while achieving an assigned sales growth target.
Reporting to the National Sales Manager – Modern Trade, the Key Account Manager is expected to further develop existing business, while pursuing growth opportunities in assigned customer accounts.
The Key Account Manager is responsible for selling and supporting the company’s complete product portfolio and services offering to an assigned set of named accounts. Focusing on customers with high-value, strategic growth opportunity, the Key Account Manager’s most important customer interactions are face-to-face meetings.
Develops customer account plans for all assigned customers by leading a joint company/customer planning process that identifies relevant customer needs, prioritizes initiatives and company investments, and establishes a clear action plan for success.
Proactively manages customers’ satisfaction and service delivery by anticipating potential service problems, and monitoring satisfaction.

Who You Are
Four year college degree from an accredited institution
Having experience as KAM minimum 3 years in a business-to-business, large/strategic customer segment;
Strong record of achievement in the Account Manager position.
English proficiency both written and verbalKEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Account Management & Maintenance:

determine how best to service and motivate key accounts to stay with the business
maintains data and information relevant to key accounts for the purpose of conducting analyses that influence account-specific decision making.
responsible for assessing, clarifying, and validating the consumers’ needs on an ongoing basis, maintaining high customer satisfaction ratings that are up to the business’s standards.
regularly follows up with the customers, obtain feedback, leads solution development

Strategic thinking, Analytics & Collaboration

take part in the strategic account planning process
play an analytical role, prepare detailed proposals/quotes depending on each consumer’s requirements

Cooperate vaccination program

Achieve group vaccination program setting objectives
Build relationship with decision makers in stakeholders
Organise program and coordinate vaccinators for corporations and schools.
Work with distributor and internal stakeholders to ensure services meet the quality promised

Medical

Report on Pharmaco-vigilance, if any.

Corporate HSE responsibility:

At any level of the organization, each individual is accountable for following all HSE guidelines and policies requested by the Group as well as contributing to the achievement of the HSE objectives.

Corporate compliance responsibility:

Every staff of Sanofi is accountable for assuring compliance’s rules & ethic code when working with Health Care Professional to strengthen the company’s image.
Ensure all the support for the sales team comply with relevant acts, legal demand and ethical standards and in line with marketing plan.

At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all.Job Description

At Janssen, we are dedicated to addressing and solving some of the most important unmet medical needs of our time in oncology, immunology, neuroscience, infectious diseases and vaccines, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Driven by our commitment to patients, we bring innovative products, services and solutions to people throughout the world. Janssen is a pharmaceutical company of Johnson & Johnson. Please visit www.janssen.com for more information.

KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER

Location: Moravia region

Contract: full time limited contract
Maintaining relationships with defined hospital-based customers. Ensuring direct contact with their management and coordinates the activities across all therapy area teams and across all relevant brands.
Building and strengthening the position of JANSSEN.
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant JANSSEN products to selected hospitals.
Developing and maintaining conditions for new products.
Capable of building long term working relationships with internal and external customers.


The Responsibilities & The Impact YOU Will Have
Building and maintaining relationships with pharmacies and defined hospital based customers at a management level
Revision doctors / health insurance regional affiliates
Analyzing the situation within a defined geographical territory with the view to identifying new potential partners
Coordinating JANSSEN activities in defined hospitals across all relevant teams and brands and ensuring full information sharing
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant products to selected hospitals, centers, HCPs and hospital pharmacies
Facilitating communication and common understanding between hospital management, HCPs, and revision doctors to ensure access of therapy / brand to patients
Understanding all procedures and policies relevant to reimbursement conditions for hospitals and key accounts, insurance companies and all relevant stakeholders
Actively communicating with strategic partners within TAs and company (KAS, MCM, MA managers, CL) to ensure full access for key brands to all hospitals and key accounts
Researching, collecting and analyzing the appropriate hospital data to explore opportunities; monitoring activities and competitors’ offers
